welcome back to mrs rundown in today's video i am
going to be recapping the events of the proposal
a 2009 romance comedy film spoilers ahead
you have been warned now like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you enjoy this video
andrew paxton wakes up late scrambles out of bed
and runs to work but gets bumped into by another
employee and gets coffee spilt on his shirt he
asks another employee for their shirt quickly and
they give it to him then margaret tate comes in as
she gets further into the building people instant
message each other on the computer saying things
like it is here and the witch is on her broomstick
margaret tate is the executive editor-in-chief of
a book publishing company coldin books all of her
workers including her assistant andrew paxton hate
her and she fires a senior editor bob spaulding
because he is unable to get an author named frank
be interviewed by oprah after learning she is
being deported to canada she forces andrew to
marry her as his future is tied to hers when the
government investigates mr gilbertson informs
them that they will undergo rigorous testing
to prove that the marriage is not fraudulent
andrew grudgingly accepts under the condition that
he is promoted to the position of editor and his
manuscript be published he also forces margaret to
propose nicely to him on her knees in the streets
of new york and to allow him to tell his parents
they are getting married the two are forced to
spend the weekend with his parents in sitka
alaska in order to sell the lie where they will
be attending the 90th birthday party of andrew's
grandmother gammy margaret is very unreceptive of
alaska and is further more shocked to learn that
andrew's family owns most of the business in sitka
they attend a surprise party for them where andrew
catches up with his ex-girlfriend dirt root after
he is humiliated by his father joe paxton andrew
announces that he and margaret are getting married
they are forced to tell the engagement story
and kiss and do so passionately showing the
first signs of respect for one another andrew's
parents then show them their room and gami gives
them a special blanket called baby maker which
they avoid andrew and margaret sleep separately
andrew on the floor and margaret in the bed the
next morning margaret tate wakes to hear her
phone ringing after waking andrew with her loud
conversation she goes outside the family dog kevin
follows her and is swooped up by an eagle she gets
kevin back but the eagle instead takes her phone
grace and gami look at her from the
house so assume that she is just playing
andrew having seen the commotion informs
margaret that she his mother grace and gami
are going shopping the shopping actually
proves to be a mail strip show by ramon
margaret talks with gert about andrew who
tells her that they dated through college
and when andrew asked her to elope with
him she didn't want to go from her home
and said no margaret comes home and takes a shower
but finds no towels when she goes to get one she
is stopped by kevin meanwhile andrew confronts
his father after he apologizes and asks him to
take up the family business telling him he's happy
in new york he goes to the balcony of their room
stripping naked margaret also naked goes
for a towel after distracting kevin only
to run into andrew he sees her tattoo before
going to take a shower that night andrew and
margaret tell each other a little about their
past and find out they like the same band
next morning joe and grace knock at the door
with breakfast andrew and margaret hurriedly
get into bed and after a few minutes of shuffling
to find a suitable position they allow them in the
family suggests they could marry on the upcoming
weekend to coincide with gammy's birthday and they
reluctantly accept andrew is stressed because the
marriage is actually a sham and margaret tries to
comfort him finding herself genuinely caring for
him to sort out her emotions she goes for a bike
ride into the woods where she finds gammy giving
thanks to nature gamie invites her to join her
and they end up break dancing while andrew
watches andrew takes her into sitka and she
tries to contact new york after receiving a new
phone and going to an internet cafe however yammy
and grace arrive and take margaret to be fitted
into a dress that gammy's great-grandmother made
and a necklace that's been in the paxton family
for generations deciding that she can't do this to
andrew she hijacks a boat and tries to explain but
she falls off after he takes the steering wheel
andrew goes back for her and they return to his
house once there they find that joe has contacted
mr gilbertson who asked them again to admit the
sham andrew vehemently denies during the wedding
ceremony margaret decides she cannot do this to
andrew and confesses the business arrangement
in front of everyone including mr gilbertson
who tells her she has 24 hours to get back to
canada and thus goes back to new york to pack her
things while packing her things andrew shows up at
the office and confesses his love for margaret
in front of the entire office staff proposing
marriage all over again thanks for watching make
sure to like the video if you enjoyed it subscribe
to the channel if you want to see more of these
movie summaries it really helps the channel out